[firewall] Update XHR Challenge limitations (#7919)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/firewall/known-issues-and-faq/index.md

### Do the Challenge actions support content types other than HTML (for example, AJAX or XHR requests)?

> No. The Managed Challenge, Legacy CAPTCHA and JS Challenge actions don't support requests that don't trigger a page refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. The Managed Challenge, Legacy CAPTCHA and JS Challenge actions only support requests that trigger a page refresh.
```

> Challenges presented to users display an intermediate page where they must prove they are not a bot. This concept does not work over XHR or AJAX, such as in Single Page Applications (SPA), as the visitor doesn't trigger a new page load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Challenges presented to users display an intermediate page where they must prove they are not a bot. This concept does not work over XHR or AJAX, such as in Single Page Applications (SPA), since visitors do not trigger a new page load.
```

> When an XHR or AJAX request triggers a Challenge action, the HTTP response will have a 403 status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an XHR or AJAX request triggers a Challenge action, the HTTP response will have a `403` status code.
```

> Your application can use this status codes to handle unexpected challenges, optionally using a [Custom Error Response](https://developers.cloudflare.com/rules/custom-error-responses/) for XHR and AJAX requests instead of a Challenge action. The application could capture the custom error response and raise a challenge by, for example, triggering a page refresh.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your application can use this status codes to handle unexpected challenges, optionally using a [Custom Error Response](/rules/custom-error-responses/) for XHR and AJAX requests instead of a Challenge action. The application could capture the custom error response and raise a challenge by, for example, triggering a page refresh.
```

> Alternatively, for an additional layer of security against Credential Stuffing, consider implementing [Cloudflare Turnstile](/turnstile/) on the most vulnerable parts of your site, such as login and checkout forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an additional layer of security against Credential Stuffing, you could use [Cloudflare Turnstile](/turnstile/) on the most vulnerable parts of your site (such as login or checkout forms).
```

> Alternatively, for an additional layer of security against Credential Stuffing, consider implementing [Cloudflare Turnstile](https://blog.cloudflare.com/turnstile-private-captcha-alternati`ve/) on the most vulnerable parts of your site, such as login and checkout forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, for an additional layer of security against Credential Stuffing, consider implementing [Cloudflare Turnstile](/turnstile/) on the most vulnerable parts of your site, such as login and checkout forms.
```
